You may read as much before that as an after-added academy.
If anybody wants to listen, I suggest that the showman
be taken.
The heat mass on the fighter is the weather as it is.
It's all as hard-wrecked rad if it is to be read.
I'm perfectly agreeable. I be glad to see that.
Beginning where we are, I think the bottom of 6.22
is that it is the call and then the first one is the secretary.
For the purpose of identifying this is we understand it is a time-script of the gains.
I think it is a good idea station of the McCarty-Claire on October 14, 1953.
Is that correct? Yes, sir.
I think it is a good idea station of the McCarty-Claire on October 14, 1950.
Is this chairman, Mr. Jackson?
It's about the needs of this wood, aid the secretary in repression and recollection.
If you are understanding what I mean to read, Mr. Weller.
Well, if you have anything that it will tell you, you're repression of the recollection of the next day.
The President is a reason to have a little recent committee and councilor Mr. Steven
is only in front of the six party to the last day of the executive session of the McCarty-Claire on October 14, 1950.
Mr. Secretary, we want to call your attention to the fact that if this time we were down in Montenegro.
And the army made available as it has been as it has been and as have all government agencies.
The personnel fire, Montenegro is not security fire, but the personnel fire is there with the personnel investigation.
We examine the fire of Mr. Coleman and took the闪 of the smoke and there is a matter of fact some documents were okay,
and we made for a big and copies of them instead of thinking about where this is bringing them back.
Here, they asked us over at the moment that we wouldn't, if we would let them make full of facts and they would have their records complete.
We read today and when the food has been served, we found that the fire has been stripped of some of the most relevant documents.
It still happens that some of the documents of which we had made verbatim copies were missing.
Mr. Secretary of parliament, Mr. Coleman, how are you all?
We wanted to call after your attention.
In the case of the Coleman fire, I have been removed from it all papers indicating the search of his home by the security and intelligence division.
And the fact that he has been suspended in the fact that these documents have been removed by him from the Evan signal laboratory and found his home.
I would say that the fire forehand handled the G2 in the Pentagon and we understand they will put Fort Mama intact.
On the heavy occasion, did you remove classified documents for the Evan signal court laboratory?
Mr. Coleman, I don't remember.
I think that apparently talking to Coleman, Mr. Secretary, I have read to you now what Mr. Coleman has said this ADU on October 14th.
And I am sure that you get the import of the statement that he made there, that is that at that time, they examined that the personnel fire of Coleman, they took obvious notes from him.
Instead of bringing the original fire with them back to their office, they took full effects that when they examined the full effects, they had to name that the fire has been stripped.
And that valuable information has been with the whole of the police that did not contain the entire personnel fire.
Have you understand what Mr. Coleman said to your medication?
Yes, I think I do. Right now, this question is whether or not that an evil use to replace your recollection.
Mr. Whether or not Mr. personnel fire of the Evan Coleman has been stripped, when it was sent to him that is when the full effects of the incident is correct, it is correct.
Well, that's the first time I have heard that read or read myself.
As these to me, it strikes me that the important thing is that the copious notes and profound economies were made up of all of the things that were only in the file that they wanted.
If I heard this read correctly, the information was made available, the notes were made in some of them for by.
That's my question. That's the high level of this correctness that your abilities have taken.
And the important evidence is that I have tried to convince him the statement to you, loud, Mr. Coleman, lady charged to you in your presence.
That he asked for the personnel file of the Evan Coleman, that it was shown him that he made copious notes for me, that instead of taking the original file, he immediately sent him full effects.
That the full effects did not contain all of the original files and that it had been stripped of valuable pertinent information.
Now, the unit call is making a statement to you in the executive station, not out of that even before.
Now sir, I don't recall what I followed him on, I was going to send him a file, I just don't hear it well in the question.
You learned that charge and as many as it was receiving the charge made to you, that involved in your command, Mr. Coleman, on October 14th.
The unit call is making that I might say it is charging in to you.
Frankly, I don't think this transfer here is my first time seeing it or heard.
When has the transfer from which I have raised the not-repressure recollection on that subject?
I just have no recollection of Mr. Jenkins, I'll handling any file at any time in regard to these matters.
From the quarter quarter.
I think the file is in, if I wonder if the transcript shows any files of the security of the model here,
so I was going to say to you that this underpartner, I have heard and reading that transcript,
that the transcript contains no reply made by you whenever to that charge.
That does not represent your recollection.
I assume that must have been an executive hearing of this committee with somebody on the side, Mr. Coleman.
I presume I was sitting as invited guest in the hearing and that for some reason Mr. Coleman, I've got to himself, Mr. Secretary, even though I was, of course, not on the stand.
I would have no recollection of having said anything about the files, Mr. Coleman, definitely informed me here about them.
But do you have any recollection you say you have recollection?
I say anything about the past, you have any recollection of Mr. Coleman, if you're saying anything about the past, or making that charge next.
That's pretty much the true transcript of the hearing, so it's quite obvious. He said something about file.
But is there just key to your memory? Is there right? I don't have any recollection of having undertaken to do anything and I cannot recall ever having handled it personally.
I have filed because he just don't have time to do it, go out of this. This was an investigation.
I was a particular individual named Aaron Coleman at the time. It being alleged that he was injured, communist, or a subversive.
And in the lack of these charges that you were attempting to force or to stop their investigation of Mama, this sequence, then under discussion, in your presence, this charge was made, including the charge that the file had been stripped of the fact that Coleman had secretly taken from the installation some 40 odd,
twice as far as documents to his home and hidden them there. That being a part of the statement made by Mr. Coleman to you.
And your answer now is that you have an old memory of a suspect, an alien, a sonar, a charred, here, an accusation, whatever it is. That's absolutely true.
Mr. Coleman, I'm thinking I'll get trying another remainder of how much left it may have to try and keep it.
Six minutes, I'll find that in a while.
And your students might be thinking, what is the point of question?
So everything is good to do. But you can still consider it a rather serious matter if during the period of great cooperation with the committee, a person in the old file, having stripped in the time of gun, given to us and represented as a complete file.
Would you consider that a serious matter?
I have shown that I'm a 5D that we are operating under the finalized social directive that doesn't it?
We were talking about a personnel file in the second grade. We're not putting out a loyalty for an always-stop file.
And there is no presidential directive for preventing a committee getting a personal file, I don't think.
I didn't get that question.
I still don't know for a presidential directive for preventing a committee getting a personal file.
I think that's correct.
Or acknowledge.
Keep in mind that we're talking about a correct maneuver.
Is that correct? Is that correct?
People who are not supposed to be doing this.
We said there is a very negative attention.
Now we're not supposed to be saying the laws and directives that governs.
We are not supposed to give out information dealing with loyalty matters in these files, no matter what kind of a file you call.
For now, let's work your way to think of a possible loyalty matter.
The fact that a man with the spend with rehire,
if you don't give the reason for the suspension, the rehiring, will that be a loyalty matter?
Is it an abstracted personnel matter?
I, of course, I'm in a testifying here on something that I have no recollection of,
and which I have got to do it on the basis of talking with Mr. Adams there.
I asked, did you?
The first time you were in the file, it was a very serious issue.
I will leave you for a repeat question.
I think the Secretary of the Interior, Ms. Albert, introduce you to the question.
Well, one thing that's surprising to me in my mind is that there are very strict regulations covering the giving out of loyalty,
not of information, very non-lawiality.
It's not the both that go outside of the executive branch of the government.
Now, if there's royally information in any file, I don't care what file it is.
That information under these prevailing presidential directives, as I understand, should not be given out.
And in the party.
Now let's get this picture clearly in line.
We stand 0.241, let's, and General Loffen, following the presidential directive,
refused to allow them to see the loyalty file, allowed them to examine the personnel file.
Now that time, this mask made notes from the personnel file, not the loyalty file.
And they asked for the privilege of taking the file along.
They were told that the file that you sent down to the Pentagon, protested out and sent to it.
Now, do you think it was proper to strip that personnel file, not knowing reports, not knowing that we had the notes?
To strip the personnel file, give us to us with the representation, so that was a full personnel file.
In this very important case, if those handling this case, Mr. Secretary, were honest,
don't you think when they strip that file, if they felt they had some reason?
That man in common honesty, they were somewhat a note thing we have removed certain material from this file.
I do not bring you any different idea, but I don't think that they could give out material affecting loyalty.
I think that was, was here because, what...
What time is it, Frank?
Second, Mr. Secretary, I will expect that one thing in my mind.
We're talking about a personnel file on the Errol & Coal Monarchery.
That's right. Now, Mr. Secretary, is that a presser's band or a lawyer's band covered by President Joe Directive, or is it not?
Well, there was evidently loyal information in it, Mr. Tad, I don't ever recall having seen the file, sir,
so I'd like to get somebody to testify that can give you the first impact. I can't give to it.
In other words, if a person may have a fax, who's convinced some loyalty of the information,
then it's your position that you would have a right to strip the loyalty of the information from it.
Not only have a right, but you've got to do it or you violate the law.
Now, who has his often, where's the line of demarcation is, whether it is...
The routine personnel file that you're permitted to give to the committee, or whether it is loyalty, is fast.
Who pays his own land?
If it either be the G1 or the G2 or the Geno's Fad, could you entertain Park Individual, pinpointing his name?
How does this Avalon Coleman file?
And since either all of it or a part of it to the McCarty Committee, is his personal message in that,
I think of what they have, sir. How long would it take?
Well, I don't know. I hope maybe we could find out by tomorrow or something.
Do you think the fact that the Madison scene, the information to the fact that Coleman had taken from the installation,
was where he was working?
Party out of the secret documents, or trace the fact documents from the installation to his home.
Would that be in place of Fad as a loyalty of the document?
Or would he not?
I just can't answer that, Mr. Jenkins.
Well, I've never just done anything like that. I don't know.
I don't know what the line has gone. It would seem the people handling these security matters that would know.
I would like to get somebody up here, but handle the violence and answer your question.
That's why I ask you, but I would hand answer. I don't have any first hand knowledge, doesn't it?
If it was strict, as has been charged here now, in substantiating the charge of the McCarty Committee,
that you did not cooperate in their investigation of the personnel of Fort Mama.
If it was, if it were strict, are they part of the fact that,
would it be your policy when such a thing occurs, and a personnel is sent to this investigating committee
to advise the committee that it's not the complete fact?
But if there has been any information from it, certain loyalty information, is that what is your policy?
I think the committee would understand that, Mr. Jenkins.
I think they'd understand that we do not give out and cannot under existing presidential directives to give out loyal information.
I may have a committee unrepand that.
Mr. Secretary, Mr. Kohn charged a multiple 14th, that he had seen that fact.
That he made the obvious note from it.
If it was maintained loyalty information, then would it not have been validating the directives if you had permitted him to look at it when he's on my side?
I think it would have been, Mr. Jenkins.
So there was a presidential directive covering it, it was valid, initially.
We were all on a global board team, that's in my opinion that's correct, Mr. Jenkins.
I have no further questions.
Can I ask if, in the interest of expediting this hearing, read about six lines from a report, a published report of this committee?
Mr. Chairman, thank you, Mr. Chairman.
This is a report of an open hearing of this committee, decided over by Senator McCarthy on December 8, 1953.
I was in discussing here, co-operation, or lack of co-operation.
I'm really trying here to expedite the thing, if I can show some light on this.
And I spoke the following, from Senator McCarthy.
I think for the record, at this time, we should make it clear that we have been getting what I considered good co-operation from the Army.
And all of the individual tool be questioned here, as to their alleged common effectivities.
Have been individuals, have been in the signal corps for a number of years, and the Army has indicated that they are just as anxious to get to the bottom of this as we are.
Is not that correct, Mr. Colm?
Yes, Mr. Chairman, absolutely. That is the present administration of the Army.
Mr. Colm, that is correct.
I cite this from the published record of this committee as the testimony of Senator McCarthy and Roy Colm, that as of December 8, and there are other instances that can be cited, that they were getting good co-operation from the Army.
And I therefore don't understand what all this is about lack of co-operation.
You have a point of order? Yes, Mr. Chairman. I would like to ask the chair to order the Secretary to produce the letter, which they wrote to us after we caught them stripping the file, in which they gave their explanation for the stripping.
The first letter is in existence.
Well, I knew asking the page is the Dean to submit the letter, if I can.
I don't know the date of the Secretary would have it.
I suggest that in using your time in question is that, if they gave that order, they would not have did right, just that to letter me.
I mean, I have been there to speak to that letter.
Well, that's right, Mr. Chairman.
Obviously, from the senator's statement that the letter is indicated in their file, why not?
We have a set to letter me.
We've been trying to locate it. We do not have that letter. If I might say this, we helpful to the Secretary on this point.
The fact is this, I might suggest. And I hope the Secretary will correctly, if I take an improper suggestion, that, after I made this statement to the Secretary in executive session, the Secretary and Mr. Adam, as bias does, yes, we were right.
The file has been stripped of this file information, and that the accused, given was a subsequently determined that it was loyal to information, and for that reason, that stripped it from the file.
Without telling us that there has been any deletions from the file, we say, sir, that a formal letter was written to us.
These assignments, this evening, are all by Mr. Adam's name. So, let's all remember.
Uh, same. This material was in the file, the personnel file, and it is not a privilege of mysterious.
We have subsequently found that it was loyalty material.
And we stripped it from the file. I'm sure the decision of this is a letter you received.
Yes, sir. Since you now know that this material was in the file, we won't show it.
Mr. Chairman, once again, we can recall your original chairman.
Mr. Chairman, you will all talk about a letter in the file. I don't think his description of it is the equivalent of the letter itself.
Well, do you think in me, if you're a special letter, the existence is perfectly fine for me, Mr. P. Neige, as I am, since we've been competing.
Right? Well, you know, I'm a special letter now. Mr. Cohen, as we are, since we've been discussing this, Mr. Ricks, the family, I'm not seeing it.
Mr. Chairman, I ask if the new reluctance to Mr. Wells to bone fairly furnished the letter.
Well, that's...
You've got a lot of the...
Okay.
By the way, Mr. Sanchez, there's been no reluctance on the part that counseled the party's the letter.
Instead, the secretary said he didn't have the letter. I didn't give it any give the letter.
He didn't need food. That's not the letter.
That's worse than that.
I understand Mr. Cohen that they've got the letter in his file.
We don't need to munch.
We don't have to call the secretary again.
We don't have to answer that.
I understand.
Mr. Chairman, may I make my position?
Mr. Wells, of course, Mr. Reprieve, what I bet, we do not have the letter.
We cannot locate it. I told you that if we could, we would be more than happy to have it here.
It's only before you can't locate it.
That we are asking the secretary and his father to produce their copy of it.
I'll create it, Mr. Shoei.
Mr. Secretary, you have heard Mr. Cohen's statements.
Which I think Mr. Cohen, you should have put in the form of a question rather than a statement.
His statement and I will put it in the form of a question.
Is this?
Do you recall telling Mr. Cohen or anyone on his committee that a fast personnel file on Abraham Cohen?
Where is in fact strict?
I do not.
And the reason it was strict was because the deletions were out of loyalty nature.
I do not recall.
Very well.
Mr. Secretary, did you write in letters to the McCarthy Investigating Committee with respect to the personnel file of Abraham Cohen?
And particularly with reference to any reason why certain information was deleted from?
Was such a matter written to you?
Mr. Cohen indicates that there was such a lawyer written to you by me or Mr. Adams.
Frankly, I can understand why he can't file his own file.
I know when I did that.
I think you've been this code most in the plenty of art.
I'm asking you Mr. Secretary of whether or not I'm out of it.
In the kind his statements, Secretary, you understand that.
I think you write such a letter to the McCarthy Investigating Committee.
I don't remember how he'd done so, but I want to say to you, Mr. Jenkins,
that whatever papers documents, anything that is in the Department of Army that will help get the truth out here in the table,
it's yours for the end.
I'm sure it's the number of you that millions of them over there and that won't appear in the picture.
How is it if we can't?
We'll start on the first and that one on the other side.
We'll do that next year, Mr. Secretary.
Now your statement is that you have no recollection of writing such a letter.
I first made all the fall having done so.
I might have done so.
All right.
Do you know whether or not Mr. Adams or anyone under your command wrote such a letter explaining the demissions from the A.R. and Coleman personnel fact?
I sell my debts for what Mr. Collins said.
You assume that Mr. Adams did to me?
No, I assume somebody did.
Now Mr. J, I will ask you to please in cooperation with Mr. Well-Chem, Mr. St. Clair.
Examine again your files when you go back to the synagogue after this hearing.
And determine whether or not you have any copy of any letter written to the Matata committee explaining the deletions from the Coleman personnel file.
We'll do that.
And if you do, and find any member and the hard copy of a letter, reduce it in the morning.
Yes.
I have asked for that subject sufficient.
As far as the tripping of the file since the Jenkins, I will certainly wait until the copy of that letter has been prepared.
No, I don't care.
No questions.
Senator McIntyne?
Any comments on the right?
Senator Jamelette?
No, I'm all in.
Any comments on the right?
First of all, I'm going to be on these 35 Jesus, which are in a standard now pending before the while of review.
We're going to be here a long time just on these KVU.
I assure you, Senator, that we're not going to be if I have anything to do with it.
We are permitted to go in the one key solely.
And that is more detailed than I had anticipated.
And from now on, I serve no.
That I'm going to object to going into the maze of a single other one of the 35 suspended employees of Fort Mama.
That is my position and will remain so until this committee overuse me.
Now, in connection with the request made a moment ago, about the buying letter and other information in connection with the elect stripping of this file,
I think there ought to be a complete statement.
The Mississippi Committee, what you mean by stripping, I would like to know whether there was an intention to...
to Miss Lee, Senator McCarthy and Mr. Call, by removing an arousal plan destiny,
the material relating to Mr. Kool, as to the elimination of these documents,
I mean as to the removing of certain documents to his full.
I would also like to ask the witness at this time, if he knows what was done with this material that was taken from the file,
was it turned over or was it kept at Fort Mama's door, was it turned over to GQ, or what happened to it?
I don't know, a fun outweigh.
I think there ought to be a complete statement. The word strict is used here, and I want to know, as one member of the committee,
whether or not the details there was an attempt to Miss Lee, the committee or, and whether or not it was secreted away some place,
this material taken from the file.
I would also like an opinion from legal counsel, whether the material removed from the file,
considered to be material within the executive order, I'd like a legal opinion on that,
that's what all this time is being taken upon, I guess.
And I'd like to know whether or not that material that was removed from the file came within the executive order.
If it is, I assume Mr. Chairman, that it shouldn't have been in the personnel file,
and it should have been in the lawyer file.
I think the lawyer's not in the form, you would like to have that legal opinion.
The legal opinion ought to come from the Army and be submitted to the Council of Art Committee.
I would like to have a copy of the directives, relied upon by the secretary,
by the committee, the introduction of lawyer of the information.
I would like to have a copy, certified or full to set, of the lawyer of the information itself,
allegedly scripted from the personnel file of Ayrn Cole.
And I'd also like to know when, there's been a lot of talk here and it's so much going on and on,
it's so hard to follow this, I would like to know when,
these documents were removed by Mr. Coleman to his vote.
The documents that were supposed to be, I'll be quite surprised by the nature,
whether he removed recently or wasn't long time ago, I can't tell.
From all of the stuff that was included in the scripted material of the committee.
I'm in total that it was 1946.
I can't recall a day and death under the Jackson,
but we will certainly include that information in our, in our statements.
And may I have a three hour hour to fly up right now?
Would I keep the register?
Just to clarify the record, I can't.
You did it.
Mr. J. Vincent is ready to direct his statement by Mr. Cole from the second session of October 14th.
What did you require me, if you were in that time, to give a reading for a day before the whole of the material
that's to be involved in information from Mr. Aaron Coleman's file?
The statement is made by Mr. Coleman in the practice of office matter.
I find no response in the transcript from you to leave this full question up in the air
and I would like to know when you supply this information while they're not.
You did give an answer at that time in response to the question that Mr. Cole has put to the list,
I guess, or a meeting to the committee.
Mr. Chairman, do you okay with that?
I have the key to the whole thing.
The letter has been found.
The one that Mr. Cole can't find in his files.
The sign of this register has been identified.
I'd love to see it going after it.
Not that one's the whole thing.
So, it's expected that we'll all be ashamed of the time we know of the interdue.
As this, there is just a whisper.